DOC-1753: Document Spelling Autocorrect plugin (#2500)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/misc/autocorrect-options-notes.adoc

> NOTE: The user's preference takes precendence over the configuration at the next initialization. The user's preference is saved to `localStorage` when the user enables or disables the autocorrection via menu item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The user's preference takes precendence over the configuration at the next initialization. The user's preference is saved to `localStorage` when the user enables or disables the autocorrection via the menu item.
```

> NOTE: The user's preference takes precendence over the configuration at the next initialization. The user's preference is saved to `localStorage` when the user enables or disables the autocorrection via the menu item.

Reviewer 2: Typo: precedence

Reviewer 2: Do we run spell-check over this content? I think that typo should be picked up by general spell-checking.

Reviewer 3: Typo corrected.

> Do we run spell-check over this content?

Not that I’m aware of.

Speaking only for myself, I generally run my local text editor’s in-built spell-checker of a document. Training a text editor to cleanly ignore markup is tedious, but the end result is a local spell-checker that works cleanly and quickly.

> NOTE: When using with xref:introduction-to-tiny-spellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker Pro] plugin, the autocorrection is disabled when a non English language is selected. Then user's can only re-enable the autocorrection via the menu item.

Reviewer 2: Typo: `user's` -> `users`

> NOTE: When used with the xref:introduction-to-tiny-spellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker Pro] plugin, autocorrection is disabled when a non-English language is selected. A user can, however, re-enable autocorrection by selecting the *Tools > Autocorrect* menu item.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
NOTE: When used with the xref:introduction-to-tiny-spellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker Pro] plugin, autocorrect and capitalization capabilities are disabled when a non-English language is selected.  After being disabled, they will not be automatically re-enabled when a user selects one of the English languages. However, the user can re-enable them in the *Tools* menu.
```

@brian-forte , just want to provide some info. Autocorrect and Capitalization menu items are added to the *Tools* menu when autocorrect plugin is added to the tinymce. When a non-English is selected, both are disabled and will not be automatically re-enabled even if users select an English language afterward.

Reviewer 3: Added this to the *Known issues* section of `autocorrect.adoc`.
